[horses huffing. neighing]
Do not panic.
Remain in formation.
Keep your mounts
as long as you can.
These men mean
to see you dead.
They will fight savagely.
[Humfrey Hardyng]
As will we. my lord.
[Raymun retching]
[laughing]
Green fucking boys!
[Dunk and Raymun coughing]
What of the Kingsguard?
Take heart. Beesbury.
I will handle the Kingsguard.
Their oath forbids them
to harm a prince of the blood.
Is that honorable.
Your Grace?
The gods will let us know.
Mother loved you best. huh?
Shame.
No man fights so fierce
as one neglected by his mother.
Be vigilant.
Don't die.
Ser.
My lance. squire.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
You best be here
when I get back.
Rob me.
and I'll hunt you down
with dogs.
Woof!
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[Ashford septon]
May the Seven
bear witness
to our solemn
and bloody offering.
May they peer inside
our mortal hearts
and find the truth.
May the Warrior grant victory
to the innocent...
and reveal the guilty
in their falseness.
May death sustain life.
[horses huffing. neighing]
[metallic rasping]
[inaudible]
[♪ bombastic.
ominous music playing]
-[horses whinnying]
-[knights shouting]
[metallic rasping continues]
[Egg] [muffled]
Up! Up! Go!
[horse whinnying]
-[metallic rasping intensifies]
-Up! Up! Go!
Hyah!
-[crowd roaring]
-[metallic rasping continues]
-[crashing]
-[grunting]
-[horse whinnying]
-[crowd groaning]
[grunting]
-[♪ ominous music resumes]
-[horse whinnying]
[groaning]
-[shouting]
-[flesh squelching]
[horse whinnying]
-[thud]
-[horse whinnying]
[silence]
[blade thudding]
[birds squawking]
[spitting. gasping]
Fuck!
[wheezing]
Ma... ma...
[gasping and wheezing]
Ma...
-I'm sorry.
-[gasping]
[stifled grunting]
-Don't!
-Ah!
What the fuck
are you doing?
He's got a seal.
[young Dunk] He's dying.
If we can get him off the hill.
might someone pay us
for his ransom.
Quick!
[wheezing]
[both grunting]
[labored gasping]
[Rafe] Fuck!
Do you know any words?
What's that mean?
You see. when these
bloody highborn spoil.
you got--
you gotta say words
for them.
[Dunk] Oh.
-Why?
-So they don't end up
in no hell
with the rest of us.
I don't know any words.
[sighs]
Right.
Check his mouth.
I know a witch who pays
copper for teeth.
I am your queen!
Wipe my arse. liege.
What?
You never seen
a man die before?
Yeah.
But not like that.
He was crying
for his mother.
Yeah. what's she gonna do?
-Lift the fucking horse
off his legs?
-[horse neighing]
Shit. come on.
Right. come on.
-Come on.
-[grunting softly]
I just don't know why we're in
such a rush to leave anymore.
The war is over.
The Black Dragon is dead.
Ferret said we're all
to get free bread now.
Are you stupid?
Nothing's over.
Don't you remember
when Pudding killed
Cedric's little brother?
-That was an accident.
-Aye.
And we all figured
that'd be the end to it.
only for Cedric
to come back a year later
and near burn down
half of Flea Bottom
trying to kill Pudding.
No one forgets shit.
You hurt someone.
they hurt you back.
If you want to stay. fine.
But Flea Bottom
is full up on people hurting.
It's tinder
waiting to catch.
[soldiers groaning. screaming]
[townsperson]
Stay calm now.
You'll be alright.
[children chattering]
[townsperson coughing]
[chattering continues]
Rafe.
Dunk.
What's in the bag?
Rats.
Oh!
Rats!
Let's see 'em. then.
[loud clamoring]
[baby crying]
Fucking cunt!
[chickens clucking]
You shouldn't have done that.
You know what Alester's like.
Aye. and the evil bastard
was about to steal our shit.
so I stole his.
That's not what I meant.
Oh. is that not
what you meant?
I'm doing him a favor.
This ale tastes as sour
as the queen's own brew.
Come on.
[items clattering]
We'll all be plundering
that tomb for a dragon's age.
Hey!
Daemon's rebellion is over.
Take your Blackfyre
leather elsewhere.
[Dunk sighs]
-[coins jingling]
-[Dunk] Is it enough?
It's enough.
[♪ muffled music playing
faintly]
Hey. don't lose
your nerve now.
The shit part's done.
I know.
We'll be sailing off
into all kinds of adventures.
-Don't you want that?
-I do.
I just...
What?
What if the Free Cities
are no better than here?
What if they're worse?
Then we'll go
someplace else.
What if it's all shit?
Every place?
What if this is
the best there is?
That would be quite sad.
And... what if my mother
comes back for me?
I'm not stupid.
I know she's dead.
But what if she's just
trying to get away
from wherever she is?
Like we are?
If I leave.
then how will she find me?
You are fucking
stupid sometimes.
If your mother was alive.
she's not
coming back for you.
You don't know that.
I know I never got nothin'
by waiting around.
You want a family?
Go out there.
get a family.
I just want to be with you.
'Cause you love me.
Yeah.
Well...
I love you too. don't I?
And I'm going.
So. you best be
coming with me.
This city is too small
for us. Dunk.
Let's show her our arse.
[baby crying]
[♪ soft music playing]
Right. come on. Dunk.
[goats bleating]
Dunk. get a move on.
[Rafe] Two fares
to the Free Cities.
What?
Our silver don't spend?
Price is double.
You're not the only ones
who mean to get
the fuck out of here.
-Right. Move!
-Wait. get off me!
Rafe.
Fuck!
-I suppose you're happy.
-What?
You've got plenty of time
to wait around
for your dead mother now.
[distant bell ringing]
I'm sorry.
We'll find a way.
[residents coughing. groaning]
You got quick hands. girl.
I used to have quick hands.
[pigs grunting]
[pigs continue grunting]
I'll have me ale-skin back.
I. uh. sold it.
[Alester chuckles]
No! [grunting] No. no.
We can get it back.
-[grunting]
-[fabric tearing]
[thud]
Oh. what's that?
-[coins jingling]
-[grunting]
Fuck off!
Give it back.
[coins jingling]
Holding out on us.
[Rafe] That's ours.
Little gutter rats
don't have silver.
Only little thieves.
We didn't thieve nothing.
We earned that.
Stealing from dead nobles
is still stealing.
-And what's stealing from us?
-[grunting]
-That's life.
-Yeah.
[sighs]
Huh.
[Dunk] Come on.
Rafe. let's go.
Rafe!
Go on.
Rafe.
[grunting]
[chuckles]
You little cunt.
-[grunting]
-[Dunk] No!
[gagging]
[shouting]
Ah! Fuck!
[shouting continues]
Stick him.
[screaming]
In the name of the Mother!
Leave that boy be!
[grunting. shouting]
[gasping]
[shouting]
[pig squealing]
[gurgling]
[gurgling stops]
[grunting and shouting
continue]
[flesh squelching]
[panting]
[sword scraping]
[slurring]
Get out of my way!
[whispering] I'm sorry.
[sobbing softly]
♪♪
-[sniffling]
-[people chattering]
[♪ somber music playing]
[Arlan of Pennytree]
Maybe I'll have
some of those apples.
Yes...
-Oh. you old fool.
-Sorry. I'm sorry.
[groaning]
[♪ soft music playing]
Hey. boys.
Did you miss me? Yeah.
-[crickets chirping]
-[fire crackling]
[snoring softly]
[horse chortling]
[♪ soft music continues playing]
[singing in Dothraki]
[singing in Dothraki continues]
[shouting]
[animal barking in distance]
[continues in Dothraki]
[retching]
-[whistling]
-[Dunk retching]
[continues in Dothraki]
-[groaning]
-[animal bleating]
[grunting]
[groaning]
Ah. you old fool!
[panting]
[sighs]
-[horse nickering]
-[grunting]
[body thuds]
[voice echoing]
Get up.
[muffled hoofbeats]
[metallic rasping]
[chain jingling]
[grunting]
[knights shouting]
-[groaning]
-[horse whinnying]
[cheering and applause]
[screaming]
[groaning and grunting]
-[flesh squelching]
-[screaming]
[gasping]
[shouting]
[screaming]
Come on!
[groaning]
[grunting]
[panting and groaning]
[screaming]
[grunting]
[exclaiming]
[breathing heavily]
[Aerion screaming]
[Maekar Targaryen]
Aerion!
[shouting]
[horse whinnying]
[groaning loudly]
My boy! My boy!
[groaning]
[grunting]
Get up.
Get up. ser!
[crowd member]
Get up. Dunk!
Yield.
-[high-pitch ringing]
-[Aerion] [muffled] Yield!
[blood trickling. squelching]
[muffled shouting]
Yield!
[labored breathing]
-[faint shouting]
-[faint swords clanging]
Get up.
Get up. ser.
[panting]
He's dead!
It's over!
[Egg] Get up. ser!
Get up!
Get up. Ser Duncan!
Get up. ser.
Get up!
-Get up.
-[gasps]
Wait!
[crowd murmuring]
[Dunk coughs]
[grunting and breathing heavily]
[faint scattered cheering]
[crowd chanting]
[♪ triumphant music playing]
Up! Up! Up! Up!
[cheering and applause]
[muffled audio]
[muffled grunting]
[muffled shouting]
[muffled]
I yield. I yield.
[muffled heavy breathing]
-[knights grunting]
-[crowd cheering]
[muffled audio]
[metal clanging]
[muffled audio continues]
[muffled] Tell him!
[normal]
Tell him! Tell him!
[muffled] Tell him!
I...
I withdraw my accusation.
[crowd roaring]
[horn blowing]
[muffled cheering]
[crowd roaring]
[Raymun Fossoway]
That's it.
Come on.
-Steady now.
-[grunting]
I'll have to cut
that mail off you.
-[grunting]
-[Dunk] The others.
Has anyone died?
Beesbury and Hardyng.
in the first charge.
-[grunting]
-Gods be good.
The lance point drove the rings
deep into his flesh.
One moment. I felt drunk.
The next. like I'm dying.
[groaning]
We'll get drunk.
then we'll pour. uh.
boiling oil on it.
That's how the maesters do it.
[Baelor Targaryen]
Wine. Not oil.
Oil will kill him.
I'll send Maester Yormwell
to have a look at him
when he's done
tending to my brother.
Your Grace.
[grunting]
I am your man.
Please. Your man.
I need good men.
Ser Duncan.
The realm.
[Dunk groaning]
[groaning]
Ser Raymun. my helm.
if you would be so kind.
-At once. Your Grace.
-[Steely Pate] Alright.
-[Dunk grunting]
-You're alright. You're alright.
-Visor's... visor's cracked.
-[Dunk groaning]
My fingers feel...
fingers feel like wood.
[Raymun]
Goodman Pate.
A hand.
The helm.
it's crushed down the back.
Your Grace.
It's smashed
into the gorget.
My brother's mace.
most like.
-He's strong.
-[chuckles]
[grunting]
-[grunting]
-[squelching]
[softly] Gods be good.
[gasps]
[softly] No.
No. no! No.
No. no. Your Grace.
Your Grace.
Your Grace. get up. ser.
Get up. ser! No!
No!
[sobbing]
Please!
I'm-- I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Get up!
I'm sorry.
[wailing]
[♪ soft music playing]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org